docs: add rancher ui installation instructions (#75)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/getting-started/install-rancher-turtles/using_rancher_dashboard.md

:::caution
If you already have Cluster API Operator installed in your cluster, you should use the [manual helm install method](./using_helm.md) instead.
:::

:::info
Before [installing Rancher Turtles](./using_helm.md#install-rancher-turtles-with-cluster-api-operator-as-a-helm-dependency) in your Rancher environment, Rancher's `embedded-cluster-api` functionality must be disabled. This includes also cleaning up Rancher-specific webhooks that otherwise would conflict with CAPI ones.

To simplify setting up Rancher for installing Rancher Turtles, the official Rancher Turtles Helm chart includes a `pre-install` hook that applies these changes, making it transparent to the end user:
- Disable the `embedded-cluster-api` feature in Rancher.
- Delete the `mutating-webhook-configuration` and `validating-webhook-configuration` webhooks that are no longer needed.
:::

If you would like to understand how Rancher Turtles works and what the architecture looks like, you can refer to the [Architecture](../../reference-guides/architecture/intro.md) section.

:::note
If uninstalling, you can refer to [Uninstalling Rancher Turtles](../uninstall_turtles.md)
:::

### Installation

> - From your browser, access Rancher Manager and navigate to the local cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From your browser, access Rancher Manager and explore the **local** cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, done
